Q1) I have a deep interest and fascination towards Robotics , so I would like to take part in iBot Club to enter the world of Robotics and I envision myself working on interesting robotics projects and inspiring others in the field of Robotics.

Q2) I love learning new things , especially things which interest me . I also like to finish projects, tasks before deadlines and enjoy teaching/mentoring people on the field of Robotics.

Q3) My expected POR's apart from ibots (hoepfully) are FinOps in E-Cell. I can spend around 8-9 hours per week. I believe I can do this because I generally finish my academics before hand , so this give sme time to spend on my POR's

Q4) a) When I was in school , I once led a class project to build multiple mini - projects (windturbine to rotate motor , a walkable robot etc) and my approach to leadership was to be fair and reward those who contributed to the project while trying to motivate others to do the same. Once there was a small conflict between two teams due to thinking of the same idea. So I resolved it by first listening to both sides and then assigning the idea to one team and giving another idea to the other team .
To calm the other team , I told them in private that the new idea is better and harder than the original so it will be much cooler if you guys did it (I also told them that I gave it to them because they were better). 
I learnt the importance of emotion as that helped me convince the other team.
    B)If my team seems to be losing motivation , I would first give them a treat to get them into a good mood first and then remind them on the purpose of our hardwork and their goals and suggest a few project ideas that align with their interests to spark the light which led to them joining my team.

Q5) The thing that most excites me about robotics is that it is the closest thing there is to a human that is artificial. The idea that we can build robotics that do our work is absolutely fascinating to me. What started this fascination in me as a kid were video games. I was amazed when I saw the robots they were making at Boston Dynamic's.I wish to be a part on such a project

Q6) I believe I can gain knowledge on robotics system and create robots (not as impressive as the ones that initially fascinated me) but small steps towards the worl of robotics. I also want others to feel the same fascination I felt as a kid towards robotics as I believe robotics is the future. I also wish to be part of a team with like-minded people and enjoy myself.

Q7) 1) A robot that detects fire and puts it out
    2) A robot that can control its speed based on gestures
    3) A robotic arm to draw a sketch
